hey guys it's Katie and today I'm going
to be doing a hair tutorial on this hair
is kind of like a bohemian beachy style
loose wave and I'm using a new curl and
you might say like oh that's easy if
you're using a new curl everyone knows
how you use a you curl but the way I do
is a little bit different because um
when I do it my hair doesn't like it
completely cover the you curl like I
like kind of twist my hair and then do
it so it comes out more like a wavy
finish rather than like a spiral curl
and I just like how it looks because it
looks like cute and bohemian and just I
love it so I'm just going to show you
guys how I do this hairstyle so you guys
can do it if you want to so let's just
go right ahead and start the video so
first I'm just gonna be combing my hair
all the way through and then after I do
that I'm going to take a small amount of
my Moroccan oil and it's kind of like a
hair styling cream and I'm just going to
be running that through my hair with my
fingers and kind of just running it all
in my hair and to help it have more
style
and then I'm going to be taking my hair
and putting half of it up into a fun to
get it completely out of the way you can
put it in a place if you want but I find
that like a bun like gets it more other
way and it just like currently my hair
takes a lot longer for me because I have
such thick hair so I really have the
section it off good and then once our
hair is tied back taking the first piece
of our hair which you want to make sure
you have a big section of hair or big
chunk of hair I guess if you don't then
it's cut it's gonna come out more of
like a spiral rather than like a wavy
finish and I'm using my con air you curl
and I'm pretty sure it was like thirty
dollars when I got it but I got it like
three years ago when it was like more
newer and um so how to get the wavy kind
of thing is you have to use a thick
piece of hair you also have to make sure
that you kind of keep the pieces
separated like I know right there it
looks like it's trunk together but
they're all separate like curls like
I'll show you in a different one it's a
bad example let's see how it like came
out like wavy it's like for this one see
how it's like separated right there you
want to make sure that your hair doesn't
lay flat you wanna make sure it's kind
of like bunched up like each spiral is
bunched up in that plane flat so it
becomes wavy see how it's like bunched
up right there so that's what you're
going to want to do and you're going to
want to do of all the lower section of
your hair first
and then when you're all done with the
lower section your skin when you taking
your bun now and making another layer
but this since I have thick hair you
might just have to do it once but I do
it two times
I'm just letting down a little bit more
hair and then tight the rest up but if
you have been here you probably won't
have to do it three times or make two
buns because don't have as many layers
say here's my thick and then I'm just
going to be doing the same thing to the
other piece of hair and then I'm just
taking out the last section of my hair
of the top nut and I before I went and
like laid it all over my curls I just
combed it out because these are like the
most important curls like your top layer
curls because there's like they're like
what everyone sees the most so you want
to make sure they're the best so I just
went ahead and comb them out and then I
took my time and curl the front pieces
and now I'm also gonna be showing you
guys this super super super easy
bohemian hairstyle it's kind of like you
part your hair in the middle and then
you take two pieces and you just go
ahead and twist them all the way back
and you bobby pin it in the back and
then you do the exact same on the other
side and it is just a super cute
bohemian look and it went along with
curls so I thought I'd show you guys
this I'm sure a lot of you guys already
know how to do this but this is just in
case with people that don't know how to
do it or don't really do anything with
their hair because they don't know how
and they're not really good with hair
this is a really easy thing to do
thank you guys for watching this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it and if you guys
are going to be doing this hairstyle
like I always say and you see one of my
videos if you're gonna be doing this
subbing pictures on Instagram or Twitter
and I will leave my links to my social
media down below and you guys follow me
come friends become besties guys best
friends forever and if this is you guys
first time watching my channel you guys
should definitely go subscribe to see
more of my videos if you would like that
and I love you guys so much and I'll see
you guys later bye
you